Just like before, I already created a little template, a little HTML code for the form with which
we're going to work,
it looks like this
and you can find it attached to this video.
Now as I said, in the reactive approach, the form is created programmatically,
so in TypeScript code,
so this is where we should start working on it,
in this app component here, in this TypeScript file. Here I want to create a new property which will hold
my form in the end and no worries, programmatically doesn't mean from scratch, Angular offers us a lot
of tools to quickly create such a form.
So I want to store it in a property which you may give any name you like, I'll name it
signupForm and important, this will be of type FormGroup. Now I could auto-import but since it's important
to understand, I'm going to import it manually this time, FormGroup needs to be imported from
@angular/forms.
This is the forms package as the name says and it contains a lot of classes
we will work with. In a template driven approach,
we already imported ngForm from it,
now ngForm was this automatically created wrapper
you could say but it was wrapping a FormGroup in the end because in Angular, a form in the end is just
a group of controls
and this is what a form group holds.
Therefore, the overall form also is just a form group.
Now this is all, we don't need to set an initial value for now,
this gives us a property with which we can work which will hold our form in the end.
Now important, for the reactive approach to work, especially later when we connect our programmatically
created form to our HTML code,
you need to import something in app module.
You don't need the forms module,
this is required for the template driven approach,
instead you need the reactive forms module,
make sure to also import it up here from @angular/forms. So reactive forms module,
this is the module containing all the tools we need now to build our form on our own and then connect it
to our HTML code.
So back in the template, in the next video, we're going to create the actual form.